feat: Add zone-aware scraping to prometheus operator CRDs (#6010)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.operator.podmonitors.md

If {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is _not_ running in clustered mode, then the block is a no-op, and `prometheus.operator.podmonitors` scrapes every target it receives in its arguments.

#### Zone-aware clustering

> When `zone_aware` is set to `true`, each {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance only scrapes targets that are in the same availability zone as the instance itself.
> Targets in a different zone are skipped before the hash ring is consulted, which reduces cross-zone network traffic.
> Targets whose zone can't be determined fall through to normal hash ring distribution so they aren't dropped.
> You should make sure that {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is deployed in all availability zones, e.g. by using `topologySpreadConstraints`.
> 
> The component determines the local availability zone by reading the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label from the Kubernetes node object.
> This requires the `K8S_NODE_NAME` environment variable to be set, typically through the [Kubernetes downward API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/).
> The default {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Helm chart already sets this variable.
> 
> Setting `zone_aware` to `true` requires `enabled` to also be `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set `zone_aware` to `true`, each {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance scrapes targets in its availability zone.
The component skips targets in different zones before it consults the hash ring, which reduces cross-zone network traffic.
If the component can't determine a target's zone, it uses the normal hash ring distribution so it doesn't drop the target.
Deploy {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in every availability zone, for example with `topologySpreadConstraints`.

The component reads the `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` label from the Kubernetes node object to learn the local availability zone.
Set the `K8S_NODE_NAME` environment variable through the [Kubernetes downward API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/downward-api/).
The default {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Helm chart sets this variable.

If `zone_aware` is `true`, then `enabled` must be `true` too.
```

Some rework to make it active voice, remove gerunds (ing words), and better align with Grafana doc styles.

Reviewer: These changes should be applied in the other topics as well
